doxygen: added community processes (import from Wiki) (#20496)
RIOT-OS/RIOT: doc/doxygen/src/community-processes.md

please start (or continue) contributing code and reviews!

To contact maintainers, the best is to interact over actual RIOT code on
[GitHub](https://github.com/RIOT-OS/RIOT/pulls).

## Coordinators

Among contributors, some are also interested in discussing RIOT matters and
perspectives, beyond coding RIOT. In short, maintainers focus on technical
aspects, while coordinators focus on non-technical aspects of RIOT activity.
Of course, there is a strong overlap between maintainers and coordinators.

Coordinator status consists essentially in duties (bringing up topics, debates
and deal with the overhead). But sometimes, coordinator status does bring
some moral reward (e.g. when an initiative brings organizational improvements,
in the end ;).

Coordinators can propose to give coordinator status to contributors that have
been noticed as particularly active in this domain. The decision to grant this
status is then taken via consensus among coordinators. If there is consensus
on granting the status to a particular contributor, a coordinator will contact
personally this contributor to propose the status, which the contributor can
then accept (or turn down).

> To contact coordinators, the best is to email the genericmailing list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To contact coordinators, the best is to email the generic mailing list
```

riot@riot-os.org

## Task Forces

Parts of the community are gathered in *Task Forces*, which provide a specific
venue focusing on a particular technical topic.

*Task Forces* are (typically short-lived) efforts to achieve a well-defined goal.
This goal might be either designing a concept and/or implementing such a concept
or improving the quality of a certain feature/property of RIOT.

Each Task Force consists of a small number of RIOT developers and has its own Wiki
page. One or two shepherds are identified per task force as the main contact(s)
for this activity.

**Creating a new Task Force**. If you wish to launch a new task force, go ahead,

> create your wikipage, name your shepherd(s), and signal it on the forum. RIOT

Reviewer: Question:
Do we want to keep the wiki for this ? Do we have alternative ?

Reviewer 2: I agree that we should reconsider this. Also the reference to the mailing list.

IMO we should however rather get this in without changes other than typo fixing and do any updates as follow-up PRs. That would IMO make the git history cleaner, if this is basically just an import.
